{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww28280\viewh17240\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 I thought the \'93last lecture\'94 video was quite moving and inspiring. Randy\'92s positivity and humor were so sincere despite him knowing he had only a few months to live. During the video, I could feel that he was leading up to an overarching point or idea, but I couldn't figure out what it was going to be. He was laying out this blueprint of how he had helped people achieve their childhood dreams and why it was important. In the end, he concluded that it wasn\'92t about the childhood dream, it was just a basis on how you should lead your life in a meaningful way, and pursue whatever really matters to you. This resonated a lot with me. My dream is to be an artist, and everyone tells me it is unlikely that I can ever be successful. Nobody would ever say that to someone saying they are studying something like business, because it is socially acceptable to aspire to something that makes you money, not what makes you happy. I highly doubt that most kids are passionate about business, yet many of them grow up to pursue such a field.  Especially today, I feel like so many people lead lives they are unsatisfied with, and have little aspirations or passion towards anything. I think his ideas are so important and that people really should aspire to accomplish their dreams, rather than be satisfied leading an average life that just pays the bills. }